Add resource `databricks_grant` for managing singular principal (#3024)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/grants.md

# databricks_grants Resource

-> **Note**

>   It is required to define all permissions for a securable in a single resource, otherwise Terraform cannot guarantee config drift prevention. See [databricks_grant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databricks/databricks/latest/docs/resources/grant) for managing grants for a single principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two different resources help you manage your Unity Catalog grants for a securable. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

[databricks_grants](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databricks/databricks/latest/docs/resources/grants): Authoritative. Sets the grants of a securable and replaces any existing grants defined inside or outside of Terraform.
[databricks_grant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databricks/databricks/latest/docs/resources/grant): Authoritative for a given principal. Updates the grants of a securable to a single principal. Other principals within the grants for the securables are preserved.
```
